sjm-274:`` He may lose all popular support ,  but someone has to kill him to defeat him and that 's HARD to do. ''
sjm-014:Clever White House `` spin doctors '' are having a HARD time helping President Bush explain away the economic bashing that low-and middle-income workers are taking these days .
sjm-128:I find it HARD to believe that the Sacramento River will ever be quite the same ,  although I certainly wish that I'm wrong .
sjm-200:Now when you get bad credit data or are confused with another person ,  the HARD part in correcting the mistake is not even knowing where it is recorded ,  let alone having access .
sjm-104:'A great share of responsibility for this national tragedy unquestionably lies with the president of the country. '-- Eduard Shevardnadze ,  former foreign minister ;  'We are so deep in this crisis that all this business about leaving the party ,  not leaving the party -- that will never get us out. '-- Natasha ,  a Moscow bookkeeper ;  'Our life is HARDER now ,  yes ,  but it is better to be hungry and free. '-- Lena Sedykh ,  a Moscow street sweeper ;  'If you judge by astrology ,  Gorbachev is Cancer ,  and Yeltsin and Russia are Aquarius .
sjm-223:Producers of action shows ,  like Cannell ,  are willing to make them at a bargain price to help CBS open up a new market for one-hour action shows ,  which have become HARD to sell in the rerun market .
sjm-014:Voting against seeking additional sources of funds was Supervisor Ray Belgard ,  who told his colleagues ,  `` We have to face the HARD facts of life .
sjm-087:It 's HARD to make the columns even ,  to neatly space the text inside the cells of the table ,  to adjust the table when information needs to be added ,  to make exceptions to stretch entries across several cells ,  to add periodic colors or shades to cells ,  and so on .
sjm-102:`` It may be HARD just to finish these remarks. ''
sjm-050:Now that Amanda Blake has died ,  is it HARD portraying Matt Dillon without Miss Kitty ?
sjm-272:Even though many of the university 's 30 , 638 students are more conservative and career-oriented than their '60s and '70s predecessors ,  and it 's HARDER to drum up big crowds for a protest than it used to be ,  Telegraph retains a mystical -- if mangy -- aura .
sjm-132:It 's HARD to put into words ,  but since that day I 've felt much more confident .
sjm-048:It 's HARD to believe I'm seeing it start to rise out of the ground , " Sheriff Harvey Nyland said after a groundbreaking ceremony .
sjm-124:`` And we are pleased to announce that already Coke ,  Pepsi and others have expressed enthusiasm and interest in participating in this expanded MTV service ,  further supporting their already established use of MTV as a vehicle to attract the HARD-to-reach 12-34-year-old demographic. ''
sjm-028:`` Change was not HARD for him , " said his daughter ,  Diane Nelson of Santa Maria .
sjm-207:I try to have fun with everything I do ,  but the HARD part is I 'll make a good pitch and I 'll try to make it better the next time out , " he said .
sjm-104:He 's the first to say that wife Lisa is going through the HARD part ,  but it was n't bad for a 25-year-old guy who 's expecting to become a first-time pop any day now .
sjm-252:It 's HARD to ignore a voodoo-like bent in her 28-inch Iraqi dictator dolls .
sjm-113:It also makes the job HARD .
br-a06:<s snum=29>``I find it HARD to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste.
sjm-139:The slump in business activity and the accompanying `` credit crunch '' have been especially HARD on owners of these high-yielding ,  high-risk securities ,  whether they owned them directly or through mutual funds .
sjm-242:The A 's :  ;  Phoenix/Tempe ;  There 's so much to do near Phoenix Stadium that it 's HARD to decide where to fit in a spring training baseball game .
sjm-257:But if there are enough guys and they all have big sticks or something ,  it becomes HARD for any dog. ''
lob-G1:old ladies are crotchety and HARD to please .
sjm-077:`` It 's ( becoming )  HARDER to steal a car , " said Lt. Jeanne Miller of the Detroit Police Department 's Major Crimes division .
sjm-281:`` When you run by yourself ,  it 's HARD to get motivated. ''
sjm-117:( check )  It 's often HARD to tell if a can is aluminum or steel .
sjm-117:Despite all the rhetoric ,  it is truly HARD to make a case that big business is overtaxed in California .
sjm-131:That is HARDER to bear. ''
sjm-209:As you walk through this verdant landscape ,  it is n't HARD to get a sense of the area 's history .
sjm-026:`` I have a HARD time with the use of the word. ''
sjm-055:`` When you have a disaster like the Oakland hills fire ,  it 's HARD to remember everything .
sjm-045:`` It was a unique project ,  a high-risk project ,  and it was put in such an unfortunate time slot ( opposite '48 Hours ' and 'Quantum Leap ' )  that it would be HARD to get anyone interested in it .
sjm-098:`` Four generations of our family have come here ,  and every year ,  it gets HARDER to get in. ''
sjm-049:All the easy cuts and a bunch of the HARD ones were made in bridging the $14 billion gap in June .
sjm-151:Earlier studies suggested up-and-down dieting makes it HARDER to lose weight and may have unhealthy consequences .
sjm-108:It 's HARD to control teen-agers ' behavior ,  but not impossible .
sjm-250:It 's HARD to define whether Stewart means he wo n't talk at all or whether he just wo n't tell the truth as he sees it .
sjm-112:The slumped economy unquestionably has been HARD on America 's cities ,  counties and school districts .
sjm-065:After the fire ,  Baldwin said ,  it has been HARD for him to look at the sprawling brick plant ,  which he can see every time he steps out the front door of his apartment .
sjm-183:The Empire State Building is a high-profile symbol that might be HARD to resist .
sjm-222:He said it was HARD for him to get up each morning and pick up his crutches ,  which he calls `` my other set of legs. ''
sjm-101:And should FSU be undefeated after playing the Cougars ,  Michigan ,  LSU ,  Louisville ,  South Carolina ,  Miami and Florida ,  it 'll be HARD not to give them the title .
sjm-057:Despite lower home prices and higher apartment-vacancy rates ,  the nation 's poor are finding it HARDER than ever to find decent ,  affordable housing ,  a study said this week .
lob-N2:diamonds are HARD to get .
sjm-268:There have been so many revelations against Bettelheim recently that it is HARD to know what to make of them all ,  said Dr. Louis Jolyon West ,  a professor of psychiatry at UCLA .
sjm-155:The crew members wait with the pothole because if they left -- and you may find this HARD to believe -- impatient drivers would simply mow down the laughing cones and plow right over the crew 's handiwork .
sjm-160:It 's HARD enough having one successful mystery character -- how does Smith manage two ?
sjm-051:It 's awfully HARD to achieve a balance ,  but parents need to apply common sense and listen to their gut reactions. ''
sjm-085:The Miami Dolphins found out the HARD way Sunday :  The Silverdome is no place to come for a party .
br-b22:<s snum=13>Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far HARDER.
sjm-134:Pat Hurst ,  who made the jump from amateur to professional golf six weeks ago ,  is learning the HARD way that mistakes can be costly . . . in the pocketbook .
sjm-219:`` The field is HARD out there ,  so I'm not concerned , " said Manager Cito Gaston ,  who believes defense cost the Blue Jays the East in 1990 .
sjm-209:But even fellow Israeli Cabinet members find it HARD to stop the hawkish housing minister who savors sprinkling the occupied lands with new Jewish settlements .
sjm-120:The world of computing is so huge that it 's HARD to pick one program ,  peripheral or processor ,  that shows where the personal computer is after 10 years .
sjm-265:But at least one firm familiar with the new law says a scarce supply of computer professionals may make it HARD to reduce overtime benefits .
sjm-122:It 's HARDER to tell with bankside vegetation .
sjm-194:`` When it drags out two or three years ,  it 's HARD for a union to sustain momentum , " Anderson said .
sjm-129:Current service consists of unlimited curbside pickup in the city 's flatland areas at $16.73 per month and a variable rate in the HARD-to-serve hillside areas ranging from $11.97 for one can to $20.30 for five cans .
sjm-109:The first issue included a news story on a major sale of vintage jerseys ,  a background piece on the unique style of HARD-to-find 1970 Cleveland Indians shirts and a short list of 1991 uniform changes .
sjm-025:`` If you try to pick out the separate voices in the chorus of why Dennis Eckart is leaving ,  it is going to be HARD , " Eckart added .
sjm-062:`` This , " said Young ,  `` was a HARD one .
sjm-040:To defend yourself :  It 's HARD not to be influenced ,  so `` just say no '' to slur campaigns .
sjm-138:It 's very HARD to pick it apart into percentages .
sjm-255:`` He has a HARD time completing a thought .
sjm-142:( box ) Mixed-signal chips are HARD to make right the first time .
sjm-073:And it is HARD enough refusing a bonbon nowadays ,  without considering how one might politely refuse to be served a member of the household .
sjm-041:Instead ,  opponents like House Speaker Thomas Foley ,  D-Spokane ,  stood the argument on its ear ,  imploring his home state 's voters not to throw away their HARD-won political power in a fit of pique over unpaid restaurant tabs and bounced checks .
sjm-133:Beverly Hayon ,  spokeswoman for Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program ,  said `` It 's HARD to see how ( this )  is going to stop the AIDS epidemic .
sjm-273:If allied figures are anywhere near correct -- it is HARD to know ,  since a British report that 300 Iraqis were killed at Khafji shrank to 30 by the time the Saudis briefed a couple of hours later -- the Iraqi leader was given a bloody nose .
sjm-232:`` It 's HARD for us girls ! " she says and laughs .
sjm-050:It 's HARD to care .
sjm-201:`` They don't have to make it HARDER than it already is. ''
sjm-228:Nonetheless ,  as House Resolution 1 is fast-tracked through the House ,  the complexities of legal language defining what is or is n't a legitimate business necessity in hiring and promoting workers make it very HARD for the bill 's sponsors to prove that it will not lead to quotas in employment ,  as the administration charges .
sjm-119:Originally ,  it attached recycled engines to bicycles ,  a popular mode of transportation in the HARD years that followed World War II .
sjm-177:`` It 's HARD to rest him ,  but when you 've got a guy like Willie ( Wilson )  in his place ,  it 's not so HARD. ''
sjm-189:Devine ,  however ,  notes that First Nationwide must ultimately achieve its goal of providing Ford an average annual return of 15 percent on its investment ,  something that is increasingly HARD to do in the troubled savings and loan business .
sjm-252:`` When I go home ,  it 's HARD to even walk outside ,  because I see the suffering of people ,  and it hurts me .
sjm-198:`` If a young boy who had a very HARD life becomes a dope addict and then suddenly turns it all around . . . is he less of a role model because he did n't go through the regular scenario of college ,  a B.A. and an M.A. and doing something in the community ?
sjm-174:He found it HARD to be going the opposite direction of his teammates ,  who are a surprising 24-19 .
sjm-097:Trouble is ,  when you 're marketing a museum internationally ,  it 's HARD to explain that a Garage is a high-tech attraction .
sjm-015:The lawsuit cited cases where different consumers ' reports were mixed together and said such inaccuracies are HARD to correct .
sjm-163:It was coming up on an hour since the final buzzer sounded and still Jordan looked as if he 'd just heard the best or worst news of his life ;  it was HARD to tell .
sjm-280:Until I hear the doctor say he 's OK ,  it 's going to be HARD to concentrate .
sjm-133:That 's sometimes HARD for us to keep in mind. ''
sjm-198:`` They are HARD to get to ,  and there are no roads for the rescue equipment to travel on. ''
sjm-233:`` It 's a little HARDER ,  a lot faster and a lot quicker than the racing I saw on TV , " Basaca said .
sjm-230:It 's HARD to imagine that any American who has such priorities would fess up about them to a pollster .
sjm-060:For the time being ,  consumers can expect to have a HARDER time getting loans and to pay more for them .
sjm-018:`` It 's not HARD watching a team warm up to see how much athletic ability it has , " Shaw said .
sjm-039:However ,  I found WindowBase much HARDER to get close to than AceFile .
sjm-094:Nine years and two kids later ,  absolute quiet is HARD to come by in our lives .
sjm-029:It 's a little HARDER to say because I have n't seen this cartoon and I did see `` Little Mermaid. ''
sjm-067:`` It 's HARD for me not to cry right now , " he said .
sjm-210:Hilton also wrote that the fire has been `` an extremely HARD thing to deal with '' and that living with its memory `` for the rest of my life is a terrible burden. ''
sjm-042:Tough reforms planned ;  Last week ,  Russian President Boris Yeltsin said he was about to begin a series of tough economic reforms that at first would make life even HARDER for the average person .
sjm-033:Now ,  Lamott says ,  Canin 's gone through a couple of HARD ,  tense years writing `` Blue River. ''
sjm-195:`` Let 's face it ,  men in boats have given the whale a HARD time , " said Holly Jaffe ,  a Capistrano Beach office manager making her second trip with Cole .
sjm-145:That should make it even HARDER for the Giants to swallow .
sjm-066:Ferreira ,  who is recovering from massive wounds on his left arm and side ,  vowed to ride the waves again. ( dot )  Page 1B ;  At wide receiver ,  Danielle Schurr ;  When you 're a girl playing wide receiver for a high school football team ,  it 's HARD to avoid the limelight ,  but that 's the way Danielle Schurr of Fremont 's Irvington High wants it -- no special attention ,  no special treatment .