sjm-022:Keep this one in your drawer for the next time the boss gives you a HARD time .
sjm-034:She recommends continuing education courses ,  developing effective people skills and HARD work .
br-g17:<s snum=28>The phrase ``consent of the governed'' needs a HARD look.
sjm-131:He 's a good friend ,  and hopefully the HARD work he has done on his swing is going to pay dividends for him .
sjm-129:`` What we do is really show the slapstick side that still works with the interpretation ( of the play )  ,  so kids see how much fun Shakespeare is -- because he 's ( often )  associated with HARD academic disciplines , " Orlando said .
sjm-115:As an antidote to the dependency of this identity he routinely advocates the classic values of HARD work ,  individual initiative and self-reliance -- even as bigotry is continually resisted .
sjm-227:( box )  COMMENT :  `` ( The game-winning single )  is a compliment to all the HARD work , " Moreau Coach Mike Bungarz said .
lob-A4:it is therefore on real HARD cash that he bases his argument that if Manchester is ready to pay the top price of , say , 25 s a seat , and fill the theatre , Manchester can expect more of the world-famous ones - always provided that her claims do not unhappily conflict with those of La Scala , New York's metropolitan opera , Vienna , Venice , Paris , San Francisco , and the rest of the world's leading opera houses .
sjm-051:But HARD lines are n't Hook 's style .
sjm-176:It took Hoffmann and another teacher a year to persuade him to take HARDER classes .
sjm-127:I have taken a long ,  HARD look .
sjm-108:A minority of dissenters says that while wild habitats indeed are disappearing -- and species with them -- because of human expansion ,  the supposed magnitude and rate of the extinctions are unsubstantiated by HARD evidence and probably have been exaggerated .
br-f10:<s snum=67>``That's a lot of HARD-earned money to lose'', he says today.
br-e23:<s snum=2>And like this English master, Mason realizes his subjects in large, simplified masses which, though they seem effortless, are in reality the result of skilled design born of HARD work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them.
sjm-048:That has left their faces as HARD as the lives they come from and their passions as heated as the desert air .
sjm-276:We move toward the next century more confident than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done -- the HARD work of freedom .
sjm-017:There is no question he came up the HARD way ,  but there has been some question about the accuracy of his version .
sjm-080:You have probably noticed that virtually all cities ,  including some real armpits ,  like to boast that they have museums and symphonies ,  which are of course the last things that you really want at the end of a HARD day of traveling .
lob-C1:no one could have been more courageous , more HARD-working , more fair-minded , more amiable .
sjm-098:A clearer ,  HARDER ,  tougher national self-assessment .
sjm-082:Davies said authorities here had long suspected Sjonborg in Wilde 's slaying but lacked HARD evidence until his estranged wife came forward Sept. 6 and recanted an earlier alibi she had given Sjonborg for the day of Wilde 's death .
sjm-090:Your self-discipline ,  diligence and HARD work are exemplary .
sjm-039:They look old and dumpy ,  with stolid ,  HARD faces .
sjm-273:I don't know if you would call it luck ,  or just plain HARD work -- it was probably a combination of both -- but your mother and I put in a lot of hours and ended up with a very successful business .
sjm-164:It was HARD work ,  recalls John A. Breeding ,  a year younger than Lester and now a resident of Live Oak .
sjm-061:The hearings forced Tim Stead ,  37 ,  a supervisor at a San Jose manufacturing plant ,  to take a HARD look at his past treatment of women .
sjm-252:She said Mr. Daly was `` a HARD news man '' who had become dismayed by recent trends in journalism .
sjm-103:If others in Silicon Valley are encouraged and richly rewarded for HARD work and perseverance ,  why should teachers be singled out and condemned ?
sjm-064:Even with its joyous moments ,  songs such as `` Something to Talk About , " `` Good Man ,  Good Woman '' and the sultry `` Slow Ride , " `` Luck of the Draw '' asks tough questions and takes a HARD look at the never-ending balance between ideals and realities .
sjm-103:But the administration wants HARD evidence the Soviets are moving to a free market economy ,  before more massive aid is considered .
lob-E4:proposing the toast of the guests , Mr Thomas Lonsdale , said the catering industry today required brains , but pointed out that the capacity to absorb technical knowledge differed from the HARD realism of routine catering , which demanded not only brains and skill , but common sense and understanding of human nature as well as the highest possible degree of courtesy .
sjm-138:TO THE mix of HARD facts ,  horoscopes and advice offered at the end of 900 lines ,  a group of mainline Christians is adding another choice :  comfort and inspiration .
sjm-273:Wilson needs to take a HARD look at just how the state is spending its resources when it comes to the poor ,  elderly and disabled .
sjm-196:Our grandmothers might have described her as a HARD woman ,  but today she was trying desperately to recapture yesterday 's ingenue .
br-n02:<s snum=150>The clouds parted and HARD gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow.
sjm-097:Her friend commiserates :  `` No way to avoid HARD work. ''
sjm-215:Fellow council members praised Rogers for HARD work and dedication .
sjm-102:Professors in HARD-science disciplines ,  such as engineering ,  were found to be more satisfied with their jobs than their colleagues .
br-j61:<s snum=38>Some of the lime that is always on hand in the Capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us; but to make it stiffer, of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking, we added a little hydrated lime- HARD on the hands, but we could see no other disadvantage.
sjm-106:I invite anyone with HARD information from Kuwait that contradicts our preliminary findings to get it to us as quickly as possible .
sjm-021:Evidently ,  when you came up with the solution of owning your own home ,  you forgot to add patience to HARD work .
lob-L3:and so you did of me , Jane thought , with a sudden , uncharacteristically HARD perception .
sjm-057:The Chevy engined stalled ,  Mears said ,  because it failed to pick up fuel after Mears took it down the hill and made the HARD left turn toward the checkered flag .
sjm-057:`` It 's a force that 's designed to take a HARD look at the capabilities of potential opponents around the world. ''
sjm-215:`` All that HARD work I did in spring training paid off . . . ''
sjm-014:He said Tuesday there are no HARD feelings .
sjm-154:While not denying his obvious sex appeal ,  Bolton has clearly earned his position of prominence ,  artistically and commercially ,  in the music industry through his tremendous talents as a singer and songwriter and many years of HARD work and dedication .
sjm-032:Yet ,  with HARD work and the ability to live within their means ,  they have produced what is seen now .
lob-L3:but when she finished his eyes were HARD .
sjm-120:Corporate information systems managers need to take a good ,  HARD look at what people need and then develop simple ,  useful applications that deliver up-to-date information into knowledge workers ' hands .
sjm-097:However ,  a HARD look at the current career path system shows that it does not work .
sjm-171:`` So ,  for the time being ,  adios ,  no HARD feelings. ''
sjm-087:All Californians need to take a long ,  HARD look into themselves and stop hiding behind fuzzy ,  `` liberated '' notions of freedom .
sjm-051:Home :  A `` rustic '' older home on four acres in Woodside that gets a lot of `` HARD '' use ,  he says .
sjm-251:These people and their backers played no part in the HARD work of collecting 19 , 000 signatures for recall .
br-g60:<s snum=113>The brother and sister seemed to be a sort of mutual-aid society, a little fortress of kindness for each other in a HARD world.
sjm-267:Disagreement over other matters has kept HARD feelings from dying ,  she said .
sjm-271:In its cover piece ,  the current People magazine takes a HARD look at the pair ,  who don't see each other very often anymore -- at one point royal watchers figured they had n't been together for 39 days .
sjm-083:`` Pro athletes never know how good they have it until they have to face some kind of HARD reality .
sjm-070:Yuh 25 ,  unaccustomed to the HARD edge of New York humor ,  found Breslin 's remarks sexist .
sjm-143:School discipline ,  HARD work and right-from-wrong were of the highest priority .
sjm-045:Ironically ,  she says ,  just when her consulting business is firmly established and could be run from any location ,  the couple are taking a long ,  HARD look at each one 's career potential .
sjm-026:`` I'm here to do my job ,  and that 's it , " said Dickerson ,  who admitted he still has HARD feelings toward the Colts ' management .
sjm-083:But on Sunday ,  after two weeks of HARD thinking ,  Blondie Bumstead entered the workforce as . . . a caterer .
sjm-215:But industry analysts in Japan say IBM faces a HARD fight in the Japanese market ,  where price competition for notebook computers is fierce and loyalty to Japanese brands runs deep .
sjm-115:Even the most radical professors require HARD work and self-reliance from their students .
sjm-067:Further ,  any institution that 's got real estate and oil and gas and takes a HARD look at it this year and does n't write it down has a very peculiar portfolio , " Meyer said .
br-n01:<s snum=9>The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was HARD work.
sjm-047:Corrections counselor Ric Hyland ,  who did HARD time for armed robbery 25 years ago ,  stood shoulder to shoulder with the 31-year-old groom ,  whose criminal record includes 42 misdemeanor and four felony convictions for drug and alcohol- related crimes and three terms in San Quentin .
lob-C1:demure one moment , HARD and decisive the next , she caught the dual sides of a complex character .
sjm-153:But HARD work ,  he concludes ,  is n't sufficient to recover or create a winning formula .
lob-G7:parents perhaps fall into three sections ; those who were glad to finish formal education at 14 or earlier , those who obtained a professional qualification `` the HARD way '' under the traditional English system , and those who remember their own University - and for most this would be Oxford , Cambridge or a London medical school .
sjm-105:Attorneys for William Lucas Barker were unsuccessful in their bid to have their client 's charges dismissed on the grounds that there is no HARD scientific proof that he has AIDS .
sjm-014:Recently at a workshop of Tri-Valley Citizens Against a Radioactive Environment ,  I heard a physicist from the lab comment that the project may well be mothballed after completion because the Soviets already have much excess capacity to produce enriched uranium using other technology and ,  given their desperate need for HARD currency ,  they would be willing to undersell anyone on the planet .
sjm-058:The task force will take a HARD look at the funding ,  programming and academic support SJS must have to enhance a Division I program .
sjm-130:THANKS to the HARD work of diligent researchers ,  the classic two-reel comedies of the legendary Chick Morton and Eddie Hayes ,  long believed lost ,  have been discovered in a forgotten film vault and tonight they 'll begin an unprecedented revival on CBS .
sjm-276:We are Americans :  We have a unique responsibility to do the HARD work of freedom .
br-p24:<s snum=150>Suddenly his voice grew HARD.
sjm-032:And officials there have no incentive to look HARD at effectiveness ;  drug programs are simply paying the Air Force and Navy for the flying and steaming they would be doing anyway out of their own budgets .
sjm-022:We learned the HARD way ,  by trial and error ,  but we learned .
lob-R1:so I clung to this shadowy Mardonius , simultaneously a HARD , noble Greek soldier and a soft , curling-lipped Persian tyrant ; bearded and clean-shaven ; on both sides at once , a faint ghost-Mardonius in the sky ; a potentiality , only half-real .
sjm-114:They played all the songs from their successful album ,  `` Schubert Dip , " with a HARDER edge than on record .
sjm-275:`` More importantly ,  it will create an effort- and performance-based system which will send a message to all students that HARD work pays dividends ,  that learning is important ,  and that tough courses are the path to success , " Cooperman said .
sjm-064:The truth is that any Arab who tries to make a stand which is somewhat more moderate than the HARD line will be killed .
sjm-103:No HARD feelings developed and within months Rosenberg followed Cooley to Seafirst ,  Washington state 's largest bank .
sjm-263:THE LAST WORD ;  Water smart ;  With severe water rationing hanging over our heads ,  take time for a HARD look at your garden to weed out the wimps .
sjm-266:Now two research psychologists at the University of California ,  Santa Cruz ,  who just happen to be married to each other ,  want to take a HARD ,  scientific look at one of the more interesting aspects of amore .
sjm-195:Over the years ,  Charlie 's seen just about every way a human life can end -- heart attack ,  stroke ,  car accident ,  hanging ,  suffocation ,  crib death ,  drowning ,  even a few murders -- and just about every way the survivors deal with that HARD reality .
sjm-047:Both Pretel and his bride are covered with tattoos ,  prison imprimaturs of HARD time served .
sjm-203:Amid HARD feelings over the failed merger ,  legal squabbling began over Disney 's use of Henson characters at Disney theme parks .
sjm-176:As lawyers for both sides churn out briefs ,  the lot sits dusty and vacant ,  home to one lanky eucalyptus and a lot of HARD feelings .
br-k12:<s snum=36>With a HARD eye, she informed Moll: ``Don't sure 'nuff me, officer.
sjm-242:It 's very HARD work .
sjm-066:Almost everything was rendered in a HARD ,  fast ,  ham-fisted manner that was about as subtle as a kick in the gut .
sjm-044:A HARD look at the status of women in the workplace shows :  ;  ( check )  Record numbers of women are entering traditional male professions ,  such as law ,  business and medicine .
sjm-079:Tom Fast ,  of Scotts Valley ,  stepped out of the crowd into a HARD embrace .
sjm-108:After the first blush of allied unity ,  look for a divergence of views between Washington and Berlin on how to deal with the HARD new men in the Kremlin .
sjm-114:While Taylor had remained the leading candidate to succeed Seidman ,  Bush told reporters last week after Seidman 's resignation that he had decided to `` start over and take a HARD look. ''
sjm-103:`` We were looking at a show that was making a real HARD turn for the worst , " said Busfield .
sjm-156:The means to create community ,  from mutual acceptance to creating an open and responsive political process ,  a sound educational system ,  and forums in which community members can work through key issues ,  are all achievable at least to some degree through persistence and HARD work .