sjm-152:My companion enjoyed a healthy slice of the chocolate mousse cake ,  made with a HARD chocolate crust ,  topping a sponge cake with either strawberry or raspberry on the bottom . 
sjm-099:`` I feel that the HARD court is my best surface overall , " Courier said .  
t12:Water becomes stiff and HARD as clear stone .  
w8_031:Statistics Canada said that of the hard red spring wheat remaining in the storage bins of western farmers , about 47 % was of the top grade , up from 46 % last year . 
sjm-093:Lendl ,  a three-time U.S. Open champion ,  leads their series 13-10 and is 2-1 against Edberg on HARD courts this year .  
sjm-053:Once thickened ,  the polenta might be enhanced with salt ,  pepper ,  a ground HARD cheese such as Asiago or Romano and seasoned with fresh herbs ,  such as chopped basil ,  sage or oregano .   
sjm-142:`` Playing at the 'Stick ,  you get a lot of spike marks that stay in the dirt because the ground is so HARD . 
sjm-212:Downs ,  whose annual shoulder trouble apparently was remedied with surgery last April ,  threw progressively better this spring but developed an inflamed big right toe as his foot rubbed the HARD Arizona dirt during his follow-through .  
sjm-023:The advent of AstroTurf means players are moving faster and hitting a HARDER surface .   
w8_106:The crystals make the varnish extremely hard , `` probably 100 times tougher '' than varnish used on violins for the last 150 years , and explain the mystery of the old violins ' unique sheen , he says . 
sjm-193:My only complaint here is that the industrial-strength roll is too HARD on the outside and too thick . 
w7_026:One sells at $1 ,695 ; the other costs $600 more for a `` hard '' disk storing 10 ,000 pages of data . 
sjm-218:The 50 paintings and 60 works on paper in the show consist largely of geometric reductions of the human form -- all HARD lines and kaleidoscopic constructions . 
sjm-195:Snow was hired to bring a HARDER edge and ideological spirit to Bush 's speeches as he moves toward the 1992 election . 
sjm-055:Workers carefully scraped away 19 inches of HARD dirt on top of the vault of Dr. Carl Austin Weiss ,  who died in a hail of bullets along with Long in 1935 .  
sjm-221:The drying period is important :  It may take as long as a month for a cutting to `` callus off , " or form a HARD ,  leathery seal -- but Long says when a fresh cutting is put in a potting medium without the callus ,  it usually rots .  
sjm-035:On the day before the Lockerbie explosion ,  the two Libyans flew from Libya to Malta with a large ,  brown ,  HARD-sided Samsonite suitcase .   
w8_062:The spotlight will be on hard red winter wheat , which is primarily used for export and to make bread . 
sjm-134:The Berkeley-based company said its product ,  which must be refrigerated ,  is more like mousse than candy since the truffles that have HARD chocolate shells are high in cream content and low in sugar . 
sjm-162:The HARD ,  boxy edges have been rounded for a more aerodynamic appearance .  
lob-J2:lumps of a very dark and HARD ferruginous sandstone , recalling a tropical laterite , can also be found with ironstained Purbeck slabs in the surrounding arable fields .   
sjm-171:As Reynolds prepares to introduce Camel Ninety Nines ,  a longer-length cigarette in a HARD pack ;  continues testing Horizon ,  a brand that it promotes as having improved-aroma smoke ,  and prepares an image overhaul for its flagship Winston brand ,  it does so without publicity or public relations campaigns . 
sjm-078:If the existing surface is made of wood ,  you may not have to install a HARD flooring such as ceramic tile ,  stone or vinyl over it .  
lob-A4:`` it was an ordinary green Ford Consul with a HARD top - like an ordinary saloon .   
sjm-072:But Carlton said the money was in a HARD cardboard box when he handed it to the aide for delivery to Noriega .  
sjm-074:Shin and knee guards -- Made of HARDplastic ,  they are similar to the shin guards worn by catchers in baseball .  
sjm-039:Even though we use cold ,  filtered water in our tea kettle ,  it has developed a HARD ,  cracked gray crust on the bottom during the few months we 've been here .   
sjm-210:As the scar tissue grows to form a thick capsule around the implant ,  it can cause the breasts to become HARD and sometimes sore . 
sjm-025:Boys will be in dark pants ,  tri-cornered hats and HARD-soled shoes .   
w8_017:Malaysia 's electronics industry is between a rock and a hard place . 
sjm-245:A general rule to keep in mind is that when cooking cheese it should be done on medium unless it is a HARD cheese such as grated Parmesan or Romano . 
w8_080:Jeffrey Edelman , an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said Penney also has done `` a very good job of placing more emphasis on profitable soft goods , while moving out of less profitable hard-goods categories such as electronics and sporting goods . '' 
sjm-060:Little Boos ,  with their HARD white skin ,  are not for cooking .  
sjm-257:As the name suggests ,  a green plantain has a HARD bright green skin . 
sjm-289:Rub the swab at the point on the roof of the mouth where the hard surface becomes soft ,  known as the junction of the hard and soft palates . 
sjm-077:They said the pasta was too HARD .  
sjm-177:Perhaps FMC should knock off the tank treads and put on rubber tires ,  replace the 5 mpg engines with more efficient ones ,  replace the HARD seats with soft cushions ,  and mark down the prices a wee bit to compete with other luxury cars .  
sjm-259:Not everybody minds noise as much as I do ,  but in the wooden Mountain House ,  all HARD surfaces ,  even a small crowd can rattle the windows . 
lob-E3:this box sheeting was then extended up the length of the lock in the form of a 2 ft wide trench in order to drain the head of the lock , the trench being filled with HARD core over drain .   
sjm-182:The intonation wavered again and again in the Stravinsky `` Apollo , " and the sound texture in the Puccini piece turned HARD and unyielding .  
sjm-111:But HARD-covers always have had a few refuges . 
t4:Onion seeds have a HARD seed coat .  
w8_087:Good jobs have been disappearing from this hard-scrabble river town for years . 
sjm-277:Becker matched Lendl 's nine aces but won this match with his more dynamic net play ,  diving and rolling on the HARD court as if frolicking on grass .  
sjm-135:Its different flavor results from its firing in a HARD-seasoned-wood ,  brick oven . 
sjm-155:In the slow boring of HARD boards ,  Congress and the president keep hitting bit -- breaking knots -- the deficit ,  health care and education policy ,  the environment ,  our rotting infrastructure . 
sjm-160:Ragged scrubland and manicured lawns had the same bleak blanket of HARD gray crust . 
lob-L1:there was no time for rejoicing , but the HARD , firm shape of the automatic sent a new confidence surging through his body .  
sjm-076:She always has been attracted to contradictory impulses ,  the `` dual natures '' suggested by the exhibit 's title :  HARD vs. soft ,  feminine vs. masculine .  
sjm-220:He said the blister was caused by dragging his foot on a HARD mound while pitching in Arizona . 
sjm-122:I 've heard that many women spritz and spritz until even the split ends are HARD enough to cut glass .  
sjm-274:Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  hrd pkd &equals ;  HARD packed ,  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  pwdr &equals ;  powder . 
sjm-155:Most of the time the change is incremental ,  in the evocative words of Max Weber ,  `` a strong and slow boring of HARD boards. ''
sjm-268:That record-breaking HARD freeze ravished tropical and Mediterranean plants in Bay Area gardens . 
sjm-221:The drying period is important :  It may take as long as a month for a cutting to `` callus off , " or form a HARD ,  leathery seal -- but Long says when a fresh cutting is put in a potting medium without the callus ,  it usually rots . 
sjm-144:The play equipment ,  sand and HARD surface for handicapped access cost about $160 , 000 ,  said Lincoln Fong ,  senior landscape architect for the city . 
sjm-284:This time on the hard courts of the mint green National Tennis Center the match was a fitting finish to a day that featured victories by a parade of Australian Open champions -- Edberg ,  the 1985 and 1987 winner ,  Ivan Lendl the 1989 and 1990 winner ,  and Mats Wilander the 1983 ,  1984 and 1988 winner . 
sjm-053:These include covering a cake with a HARD glaze of sugar and gelatin or using wood as a temporary frame for floating sculptures .  
sjm-167:When collagen forms ,  women are likely to develop a fibrous `` capsule '' around the implant that becomes HARD and sometimes sore . 
w8_003:Silicon carbide 's problem is that , because it 's so hard , it 's also brittle , and thus vulnerable to impact stresses . 
t15:Its blond tints were as fresh and enduring as enamel , -- and quite as HARD .  
sjm-190:Generally ,  a novice sandblaster can remove the old paint ,  but not without cutting into soft grain while leaving HARD grain virtually untouched .  
sjm-050:The handset he had been holding clattered against something HARD ;  it had been dropped or yanked loose .   
br-j15:<s snum=54>The intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent, yellow-brown, HARD, friable plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries.  
sjm-219:On his own garage door he found that the opener reversed when it struck the HARD block but crushed a cardboard box -- a material that one assumes more closely represents people . 
sjm-094:But I find that ,  when sitting with my spinal column bent at a 45-degree angle and my knees ramming into a HARD ,  knotty slab of oak ,  my attention span tends to shorten considerably .  
sjm-050:`` I felt nothing but my head and shoulder blades pressing on the HARD slab beneath my back .  
sjm-038:Like a chocolate Easter bunny ,  rotationally molded plastic products have a HARD skin but are hollow inside .  
w8_084:EASTER EGGS TO GO : People who don't have time to dye their own can now buy hard-boiled and pre-colored Rainbow Eggs . 
sjm-028:Wednesday :  Day 4 ;  In the morning there were ice patches on the stream ,  and the ground was frozen HARD as we started our eight-mile hike to Kibo Hut .   
sjm-047:Last winter 's HARD frost caused some of the new growth tips to go limp ,  but they quickly recovered .  
sjm-084:Most HARD cheeses are higher in saturated fats than meat .  
sjm-241:I have performed a number of operations on these types of ears ,  and I can assure you that this is extremely HARD bone . 
sjm-116:Said Trevor Wilson ,  who pitched the Giants ' first eight innings :  `` Mitch is HARD as a rock ,  so I don't think it bothered him any. ''
sjm-239:Age 1 to 3 :  2 to 3 servings daily ;  One serving would be 1/2 to 3/4 cup milk ( For children under 2 years of age ,  serve only whole milk ,  not low-fat or skim milk )  ,  1/2 to 3/4 cup yogurt ,  1 ounce HARD cheese ,  or 1/4 cup cottage cheese ,  pudding ,  ice milk or ice cream .  
sjm-029:The interior is overly chintzy ,  with HARD and uncomfortable seats and fabric that feels cheap .  
sjm-245:I liked the low-fat ( no shortening but with nuts or chocolate )  better than the no-fat ,  which I found dry and HARD . 
br-j75:<s snum=2>The instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a HARD, sharp, tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating.  
sjm-172:His game is made for HARD courts ,  but the courts here are fast ,  and there are no bad bounces .  
sjm-087:Bumpers sought the moratorium because his proposal to impose a 5 percent royalty on gold ,  silver and other HARD-rock minerals mined on federal lands has been stalled for years in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee ,  which is dominated by Westerners . 
w8_015:But both chains aggressively promote the latest mass-market hard-cover best sellers , putting them in the front of each store or along the main thoroughfare , the `` power aisle . '' 
w8_059:However , as the fifth house in that row is the House of Scientists , the occupants of which were not amenable to eviction no matter how worthy the cause , Boris Piotrovsky soon found himself between a rock and a hard place . 
sjm-096:The skin is covered with HARD ,  bubblelike scales ,  and Mattson is laboriously constructing the boots one stitch at a time ,  slipping the needle of his sewing machine carefully between the scales . 
sjm-210:Some say the implants make their breasts HARD and sore . 
sjm-048:In field hockey ,  in which girls chase a solid ,  HARD-plastic ball with wooden sticks ,  the shin pads used meet national standards and are required to be worn at all times .  
sjm-137:As they mature into adulthood ,  the grasshoppers develop a rock-HARD exoskeleton and the ability to fly the length of a football field .  
w8_061:Now an Atlanta businessman , Mr. Scherer severed all ties with the company in 1979 in a dispute with some board members , including Mr. Fink , on how to run the maker of hard- and soft-shell capsules used to hold drugs , vitamins and bath oil . 
w8_046:The rain , along with the plentiful Ogallala aquifer that is pumped for irrigation in this part of Nebraska , has left the fields of alfalfa , corn and hard red winter wheat in good shape . 
w8_014:The Soviet Union will supply 1.5 million cubic meters of timber a year , mostly hard pine , and China will provide coal , salt , electricity , oil and other materials , the news service said . 
sjm-087:On a HARD surface or wood ,  the clacking of these heels is inappropriate in public places .  
sjm-273:Life Savers Holes ,  a pellet version of the HARD candies ,  are being withdrawn from stores nationwide after four teen-agers swallowed or gagged on the packages ' plastic tops ,  company officials said . 
w7_019:Mr. Ohmae 's latest book , `` Beyond National Borders : Reflections on Japan and the World '' -LRB- Dow Jones-Irwin , 128 pages , $16.95 -RRB- , ably translated into English by the author and some McKinsey colleagues , sold more than 300 ,000 hard cover copies in Japan . 
t12:My breath , and the very ground becomes as HARD as flint .  
sjm-019:Note :  Cinnamon red hots are small red candies slightly HARDER than jelly beans ,  available in the baking section of supermarkets .   
sjm-070:( box )  Sun Hong Kong Restaurant ,  91 Shattuck Square ( i.e. ,  Shattuck Avenue at Addison )  ,  Berkeley ,  ( 510 )  841-2288 ,  is a bright ,  HARD-surfaced ,  contemporary Chinese cafe that fills its two small floors of tables until 2 a.m. by selling a long and interesting menu supplemented by a separate menu of soups ,  noodle dishes and rice plates at extremely low prices .   
sjm-192:Now their view is one of misery -- HARD earth blanketed with discarded water bottles and human waste ,  weary children in tattered clothes lining up for rations . 
sjm-221:Sometimes tapping the pot on a HARD surface will loose the cramped plant ,  but you may have to use a screwdriver to pry it out . 
sjm-080:The priest bearing the holy relic -- the referee carrying the puck ,  a rock-HARD piece of black rubber -- drops it in the face-off at center ice ,  and the contest begins .  
sjm-111:So HARD-covers still have one advantage ,  after all . 
lob-E3:in common with many locks of early date , no HARD floor was provided between the mass concrete lock walls , although timber baulks of substantial section were set in the earth floor to act as struts between the bases of the walls .